Cricbuzz Logo
Eng vs Ind, Bristol
India won by 7 wkts
ENG - 198/9 (20.0 Ovs)
IND - 201/3 (18.4 Ovs)
CRR:  10.77
Batting	R(B)	4s	6s	SR
Hardik Pandya*	33(14)	4	2	235.71
Rohit	100(56)	11	5	178.57
Bowling	O	M	R	W
Jordan	3.4	0	40	1
Partnership: 50(23)
Last wkt: Virat Kohli c and b Jordan 43(29)
Recent balls: 4 4 1 4 1 1 | 1 4 1 6 4 4 | 4 1 . 6
Now challenge the challenges with BASF
Commentary

This is India's sixth trophy in a row in T20I cricket, and they sure know how to celebrate it. They're a brilliant, brilliant limited-overs unit who're going to push England right through the summer. We're in for a treat. That's all from us for now. Until next time, it's goodbye.

Highest targets chased down by India (T20Is):
207 vs SL, Mohali, 2009
202 vs Aus, Rajkot, 2013
199 vs Eng, Bristol, 2018 *

Most T20I hundreds:
3 C Munro/ ROHIT SHARMA
2 B McCullum/ C Gayle/ E Lewis/ M Guptill/ G Maxwell/ A Finch/ KL Rahul

Most consecutive T20I series wins:
9 by Pakistan (Sep 2016 - ongoing) *
6 by India (Nov 2017 - ongoing) *
5 by Windies (Jun 2012 - Mar 2013)

Kohli, India captain: The comeback from the bowlers was outstanding. At one stage we thought they'd end up getting 225-230 which would've been tough. But the character they showed, that's something we're very proud of. Just hit our areas better I guess (in the second ten overs). We have the quality to bowl wicket-taking deliveries as well. Applied decent pressure on the batsmen and pulled the game back nicely. 25-30 runs in this format can be massive. Pandya is a really good all-round cricketer. He's confident with his skills with bat and ball. He's sure of what he wants to do. With the ball, the way he picked up those wickets after getting hit for boundaries and sixes. His all-round performance was standout today. Was difficult for the bowlers. Have to be honest. Pitch was really, really flat. We enjoyed ourselves as batsmen. England got 200-odd, we got there with few balls to spare. Don't like to look at hindsight and say we could've added another bowler. Guys came up with the goods. We're gonna continue and try different things. You saw the kind of energy and attitude we had on the field. Feels great to have a series win at the start of the tour.

Winners' medals for the Indian players who gather on the podium one by one

Morgan, England captain: Tremendous start with the bat. Roy and Buttler prove a dominant force at the top, we didn't do their platform justice. Probably fell between 20-30 short, just in our execution of shots. Faltered in execution - finding our areas and picking the balls to hit. Normally it's one of the best parts of our game. India bowled well but on a small ground on a flat wicket we're expected to score more than that. We were okay with the ball. Difficult to defend on grounds like this. It's more the conditions. When you play against teams like Pakistan, India, they have a big following and we're used to it. It will continue for the rest of the summer, won't change. Hopefully we can learn as we go along. This series has had three different performances for us. Old Trafford turned, Cardiff - ground was bigger. And today it was high-scoring. Different pressures. It's exciting. Trent Bridge has been a good ground for us. The last few of times we've lost the toss there, we've been able to get a result. Toss for us is less significant. Hopefully it's entertaining.

Rohit: That's the style of my play. Assessing conditions was important at the start of the innings. Once we see off the new ball, we always knew wicket was a good one with short boundaries. Idea was to hold the shape when playing big shots. That's exactly what I did. I like to be calm, not to panic too much. I know once you're there, you can make it up later. It's important to spend some time in the middle and try and play the field. Always important to try and assess the bowlers as well. With four fielders inside, there's always that option to take chances. With the wicket being so good, I knew I just had to stay there and things will get easier and easier. Pandya has done that for few years now. More often than not he'll play such innings in the back end. He's quite used to it now. The way he bowled gave him confidence. He's a fearless individual which allows him to do whatever he does on the field. That's what the team wants him to do.

Rohit Sharma is Man of the Match and Man of the Series

Tough call as far as Man of the Match is concerned. Our team here at Cricbuzz towers - a fancy name we all like to use - are unanimous that Hardik Pandya should be the one who deserves it. But most likely it will be Rohit. Let's wait and see what happens. Will be an interesting call for sure.

Harsha Bhogle: England were 20 short and the bowling in the second half from India was excellent. India's batting might on display today. Another series won.
TweetShareView All

Vijith says: World cup 2019 is in England. Just a reminder.
Menu
Home
	
Live Scores
Schedule
	
News
Editorials
	
Photos
Archives
	
Players
Rankings
	
Series
Poll
	
Videos
Points Table
	
Contact Us
Cricbuzz TV Ads
	
Careers @ Cricbuzz
Mobile Apps
	
This day that year
Mobile Apps
	
Social Channels
iPhone
	
facebook
Android
	
twitter
Blackberry
	
Pinterest
Windows
	
Google Plus

    Privacy | Terms of Service | Contact Us

© 2018 Cricbuzz.com, Times Internet Limited . All rights reserved | The Times of India | Navbharath Times
